References api-priority-and-fairness slack channel in the docs (#25483)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/flow-control.md

For background information on design details for API priority and fairness, see
the [enhancement proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-api-machinery/20190228-priority-and-fairness.md).
You can make suggestions and feature requests via [SIG API

> Machinery](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-api-machinery) or our [slack channel](http://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/api-priority-and-fairness).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Machinery](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-api-machinery) or the SIG's
[Slack channel](http://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/api-priority-and-fairness).
```

Author: we dont have a dedicated sig yet. the feature is majorly maintained by api-machinery but also involves effort from scheduling and scalability. does that make sense?

For background information on design details for API priority and fairness, see
the [enhancement proposal](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-api-machinery/20190228-priority-and-fairness.md).
You can make suggestions and feature requests via [SIG API Machinery](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-api-machinery) 

> or the feature's [slack channel](http://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/api-priority-and-fairness).

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
or the feature's [Slack channel](http://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/api-priority-and-fairness).
```
